Re-write cross-contract call documentation (#186)
paritytech/ink-docs: docs/basics/cross-contract-calling.md

<img src="/img/title/cross-contract.svg" className="titlePic" />

# Cross-Contract Calls

In ink! contracts it is possible to call ink! messages and constructors of other
on-chain contracts.

There are a few approaches to performing these cross-contract calls in ink!:
1. Contract references (i.e `ContractRef`)

> 1. Builders (i.e `CreateBuilder` and `CallBuilder`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Builders (i.e `CreateBuilder` and `CallBuilder`)

Contract references can only be used to do a cross-contract call to another ink!
contract, whereas the Builders approach can be used to issue a cross-contract
call to an arbitrary contract, independent of which languages it was written in ‒ be
it an ink! contract, a Solang one, or e.g. a contract written in ask!.
```

## Contract References

> Contract references refer to structs which are generated by the ink! codegen for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contract references refer to structs that are generated by the ink! code generation for the
```

purposes of cross-contract calls.

They give developers a type-safe way of interacting with a contract.

A downside to using them is that you need to import the contract you want to call as a
dependency of your own contract.

If you want to interact with a contract that is already on-chain you will need to use the
[`Builders`](/basics/cross-contract-calling#builders) approach instead.

### `BasicContractRef` walkthrough

> We will walk through the [`basic_contract_ref`](TODO) example in order to demonstrate how

Author: We need to wait for my other PR to get merged before filling this in

    .delegate(ink::primitives::Hash::from([0x42; 32]))
    .exec_input(
        ExecutionInput::new(Selector::new(ink::selector_bytes!("flip")))
            .push_arg(42u8)
            .push_arg(true)
            .push_arg(&[0x10u8; 32])
    )
    .returns::<i32>()
    .invoke();
```

### Builder Error Handling
The `CreateBuilder` and the `CallBuilder` both offer error handling with the
`try_instantiate()` and `try_invoke()` methods respectively.

These allow contract developers to handle two types of errors:
1. Errors from the underlying execution environment (e.g the Contracts pallet)
2. Error from the programming language (e.g `LangError`s)

See the documentation for
[`try_instantiate`](https://docs.rs/ink_env/latest/ink_env/call/struct.CreateBuilder.html#method.try_instantiate),
[`try_invoke`](https://docs.rs/ink_env/latest/ink_env/call/struct.CallBuilder.html#method.try_invoke-2),
[`ink::env::Error`](https://docs.rs/ink_env/latest/ink_env/enum.Error.html)
and
[`ink::LangError`](https://docs.rs/ink/latest/ink/enum.LangError.html)
for more details on proper error handling.

::: tip

Because the `CallBuilder` requires only a contract's `AccountId` and message `selector`,

> we can call Solidity contracts compiled using the [Solang](TODO) compiler and deployed to
> a chain which supports the `contracts-pallet.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we can call Solidity contracts compiled using the [Solang](https://github.com/hyperledger/solang)
compiler and deployed to a chain that supports the `pallet-contracts`.
See [here](https://github.com/xermicus/call_solidity) for an example of how to do that.
```
